@sungml92
BIF001x - FINAL

Q: Which of the following algorithms are not correctly paired with their corresponding software?
A: Multi-LAGAN and Multi-PipMaker

Q: Given the following association between protocol steps and numbers, what is the proper order for a cDNA microarray experiment: Removal of genomic DNA = #1 Isolation of nucleic acids = #2 Labeling of products to be used in the microarray with dyes like Cy3 and Cy5 = #3 Generation of cDNA =#4
A: 2, 1, 4, 3

Q: What technique can be used to assess the likelihood of the correctness of a phylogenetic tree?
A: bootstrapping

Q: Markov models describe states and the probability of transitions between them.
A: True

Q: In the basic overview of data analysis, both microarray and NextGen derived data have a step where counts of mRNA transcripts are done.
A: False

Q: Both Distance and Character-based methods use distance to generate trees; however, Character-based also uses mismatches between the sequences.
A: False

Q: Eye color and hair color are examples of..
A: Genetics

Q: Constructing dot plots of genomes is essentially a process of finding diagonal lines in a graphical plot.
A: True

Q: Which tree building method applies the principle of Occam’s Razor?
A: Maximum parsimony

Q: What is one difference between LAGAN and multi-LAGAN?
A: multi-LAGAN is used for 3 or more genomes

Q: Having more than one probe per gene under study is not necessary in a microarray experiment.
A: False

Q: After running PiPMaker you will be provided with...
A: A Perfect Identity Plot

Q: MEGA will generate a generic figure caption.
A: True

Q: Which of the following are not typically used in Pattern-based methods of gene prediction?.
A: Change in GC content

Q: The synteny and amalgamate algorithms are similarly formulated and therefore give similar results.
A: False

Q: An example of an algorithm used to identify syntenic regions is...
A: BLAT

Q: What is a typically significant number of bootstrap replicates that need to be performed?
A: 500

Q: Labeled cDNA is referred to as
A: targets

Q: Which of the following are not advantages some chemicals give microarray slides before they are spotted?
A: they negatively chrage the slide

Q: Xenologs are homologous sequences in different species that arise via horizontal gene transfer.
A: True

Q: Prokaryotes do not have introns in their genes.
A: False (most of them)

Q: Which of the following are drawbacks of Pattern-based methods?
A: short open reading frames detected are usually not genes (maybe wrong)

Q: When performing a bootstrap analysis, both an original tree and bootstrap trees are generated. Which of the following is correct about each tree?
A: The bootstrap tree collapses nodes under 50% while the original trees does not

Q: Compared to its usefulness with NextGen derived data, the programs on the Galaxy servers have a very limited application when it comes to microarray derived data.
A: True

Q: The Fitch-Margoliash algorithms is most associated with...
A: Minimum evolution
